Tajima son congratulations an unofficial
time of 951 breaking the 10 minute
barrier that's really incredible what
are your feelings yeah I'm very happy
thank you so much everybody when you
woke up this morning did you really
think you could break the record yes
because kai is fantastic and also higher
and suspension dream is the best you
know for this surface so my feeling is I
make new recorder today so I'm happy
what about the weather did you is the
weather ideal today yes every to be
winded after the top section the car
need to be moving like a yob dinner but
I can control so suffice is ok but too
much you know window okay so something
happened to your car at the very top
something something went wrong can you
describe what that was yes so happy
before finish I lost power steering also
I have a overheating so very casual you
know and muscle is and how failure
because this car has a no person so very
very hard at all town too heavy oh but
I'm not key because it's so happy only
uses one more maybe my muscle broken yes
now after the second after the last
hairpin did you really think you would
break the record after what happened yes
because before passing a new failure
very nice in online so my feeling is I
make new record but a tool that all
master hair pins that too hard too tough
for me so I cannot sinking because of
two towers like this
I'm sure that people in Japan will be
very very proud of you is there anything
you'd like to say to them oh japanese
people thank you so much i have a new
record and i make 10 min superior and
now i am a sixth concept champion all of
my you know energy and my desire to
Japan my match my motivation to Japan we
must go to the pier thank you so much
congratulations thank you pray for japan